CedeCrypt v2.4 for Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista (32-bit)
============================================================

Secure your most valuable asset. Your data.

Introduction
------------

CedeCrypt allows you to encrypt & decrypt multiple files and folders using a unique and powerful encryption algorithm. CedeCrypt uses an 80 kilobit
randomised block cipher algorithm ensuring your data is safe and secure allowing you to use any insecure system (e.g. Ftp / Web / Email / IM) to store or transfer your data. 

Usage
=====

When CedeCrypt is running, specify a source file to encrypt. The destination
File will be autopopulated. However, if you wish to save the encrypted file to
A different location other than the source, you can do so by clicking on the
Browse button beside the destination edit box.

Once you have selected your file to encrypt, click Begin. You will then be
Prompted for a password. This password is extremely important and will be 
Required for decryption. If the password is lost or otherwise not retrievable,
then decryption will be impossible. 

You can also right click on on any number of Files/Folders from within Windows
Explorer, and Encrypt or Decrypt files using the "CyberCede" context menu. This
makes securing your data is effortless as possible.

Registration
------------

You are limited to 30 Days of use for a trial version. If you find it useful
and you wish to continue to use it you are obligated to purchase a full version.
Purchase details can be found at our website at www.cedesoft.com. The trial 

Contact
-------

If you have any queries or suggestions regarding CedeCrypt, please email us at
email@cedesoft.com

CedeSoft Development Team

http://www.cedesoft.com



